README.md, before:

# IP Geolocation - WordPress Plugin

You can using this plugin for show ip information and geo location. This plugin is using 3rd party api service.

you can use following api services:
- <a href="https://ipinfo.io">ipinfo.io</a> (You must get the api key - Signup Required) / <a href="https://ipinfo.io/privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ip-api.com">ip-api.com</a> / <a href="https://ip-api.com/docs/legal">Terms and Policies</a>
- <a href="https://www.abstractapi.com/ip-geolocation-api">abstractapi.com</a> / <a href="https://www.abstractapi.com/legal/legal">Terms and Policies</a>
- <a href="https://geo.ipify.org">ipify.org</a> / <a href="https://geo.ipify.org/privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipwhois.io">ipwhois.io</a> / <a href="https://ipwhois.io/privacy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipbase.com">ipbase.com</a> / <a href="https://ipbase.com/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipgeolocation.io">ipgeolocation.io</a> / <a href="https://ipgeolocation.io/privacy.html">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ip2location.io">ip2location.io</a> / <a href="https://www.ip2location.io/privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a>

You can tell us about other web services that are not on the list. Just send us an <a href="mailto:ra.vahdati@gmail.com">Email</a>.

Features:
- [ipgeo] shortcode for show IP information
- IP location by Latitude & Longitude
- Show hostname & organization
- Show Location on Google Map & Parsimap
- Show default ip result by type (Client IP or Server IP)
- Add IP-Geolocation block in WPbakery & Gutenberg & Elementor
- New Map API (Mapbox, Cedarmap, ...) : COMING SOON !!!
- IPGeo for divi block (COMING SOON)

# Changelog

= 1.3 =
* Added ipgeolocation.io API
* Added ip2location.io API
* Added Elementor block
* Added default ip by type (client or server)
* Form style fixed and rtl supported
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.2 =
* Bugs fixes and improvements
* Added ipbase.com API
* Added WPbakery (Visual Composer) block
* Added Gutenberg block

= 1.1.1 =
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.1 =
* Compatible with WordPress 6
* Added ipify.org API
* Added ipwhois.io API
* Added Leaflet Map API
* Added Parsi Map API
* Fixed show location on google map
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.0.1 =
* Added abstractapi.com

= 1.0 =
* Added google map for displaying user's location
* Added ip-api.com api service

= 0.5 =
* Show IP geolocation

Commit message:

Major update & bugs fixes and improvements

README.md, after:

# IP Geolocation - WordPress Plugin

You can using this plugin for show ip information and geo location. This plugin is using a third-party API service.

you can use following api services (Sorted by Name):
- <a href="https://abstractapi.com/ip-geolocation-api">abstractapi.com</a> / <a href="https://abstractapi.com/legal/legal">Terms and Policies</a>
- <a href="https://apiip.net">apiip.net</a> / <a href="https://apiip.net/privacy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://freeipapi.com">freeipapi.com</a> / <a href="https://freeipapi.com/policy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ip-api.com">ip-api.com</a> / <a href="https://ip-api.com/docs/legal">Terms and Policies</a>
- <a href="https://ip2location.io">ip2location.io</a> / <a href="https://www.ip2location.io/privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipbase.com">ipbase.com</a> / <a href="https://ipbase.com/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipgeolocation.io">ipgeolocation.io</a> / <a href="https://ipgeolocation.io/privacy.html">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://geo.ipify.org">ipify.org</a> / <a href="https://geo.ipify.org/privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipinfo.io">ipinfo.io</a> (You must get the api key - Signup Required) / <a href="https://ipinfo.io/privacy-policy">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipstack.com">ipstack.com</a> / <a href="https://www.ideracorp.com/Legal/APILayer/PrivacyStatement">Privacy Policy</a>
- <a href="https://ipwhois.io">ipwhois.io</a> / <a href="https://ipwhois.io/privacy">Privacy Policy</a>

You can tell us about other web services that are not on the list. Just send us an <a href="mailto:ra.vahdati@gmail.com">Email</a>.

# Features

- [ipgeo] shortcode for show IP information
- IP location on the map by Latitude & Longitude
- Show hostname & organization
- Show Location on Maps API Service (Google, Leaflet, Parsimap, cedarmaps and ...)
- Show default IP result by type (Client IP or Server IP)
- Add IP-Geolocation blocks in the page builders (WPBakery, Gutenberg, Elementor, Divi)

# Changelog

= 2.0 =
* Added freeipapi.com API
* Added apiip.net API
* Added ipstack.com API
* Added cedarmaps.com Map API
* Added map.ir Map API
* Added mapbox.com Map API
* Added Divi block
* Updated Leaflet Map lib to 1.9.4
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.3 =
* Added ipgeolocation.io API
* Added ip2location.io API
* Added Elementor block
* Added default ip by type (client or server)
* Form style fixed and rtl supported
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.2 =
* Bugs fixes and improvements
* Added ipbase.com API
* Added WPbakery (Visual Composer) block
* Added Gutenberg block

= 1.1.1 =
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.1 =
* Compatible with WordPress 6
* Added ipify.org API
* Added ipwhois.io API
* Added Leaflet Map API
* Added Parsi Map API
* Fixed show location on google map
* Bugs fixes and improvements

= 1.0.1 =
* Added abstractapi.com

= 1.0 =
* Added google map for displaying user's location
* Added ip-api.com api service

= 0.5 =
* Show IP geolocation
